---
title: "Adventures From 54 to 58!"
date: 2019-04-14T16:08:27-06:00
---

### Adventures in Leveling ###


{{< youtube AU1O7grJDrE >}}


Today we were off for another fun filled day of leveling and completing the Eastern Plaguelands. I have to say I am fairly happy with how many levels I was able to gain while questing in the zone, with the addition of one dungeon today. Once again today I seemed to have an untimely death though this time kind of my fault and also the fault of the NPC character with me that just wants to fight everything. Eastern Plaguelands is one of my favorite questing zones and it has a lot to do with the zone spanning quest chain involving Fiona's Caravan. If you play Warcraft and for some reason have never done the zone you need to as it is one of the best quest chains in te game.


{{< youtube IvNRwqlqcbg >}}


With all that being said one death while questing was not bad, and while running Stratholme, again one of my favorite old world dungeons. The group was good but we definitely had one untimely death that wiped the entire group but overall it was a very good run and I was able to gain a level out of it when all was said and done. Thankfully I am now one step closer though to the next portion of leveling which will either be Outlands or Northrend of which I have not yet decided. I will have some time though because I plan to do one more quest zone in the old world before heading off to the next.


### Adventures in Gold Making ###


So a few of my auctions sold since last yesterday and the rest expired. The good news is, I was able to gain an extra ~450G from the auctions that did sell which is always nice and brought me up to nearly 4500G. Today was a even better day in terms of finding ore and herbs to sell mostly because my herbalism skill now allows me to pick Sungrass itself and not get the stalks. Once again at the end of the day I had a few bags full of things I needed to auction so I headed to Ironforge once again (Note to self make enough gold to get the Auction House Mount). Hopefully next time I login to stream I will have some more auctions sold and over the 5k Gold Mark.

<b>Current Gold Amount:</b> 4,446
<b>Value On Auction House: </b> 13,685


### Adventures in Living ###


As a side note today also saw myself smoke a beef brisket on the BBQ, not sure how it tastes yet but I will have reactions for the next time I post, and let me tell you it looks fantastic! Pictures also a possibility on the post, we shall see...