---
title: "No Boars Were Harmed!"
date: 2019-04-16T16:49:36-06:00
---

### Adventures in Leveling ###
{{< youtube 8k3yuaFjGg4 >}}
<br />
Well today I was able to get back on for a short little play time and get some more leveling in and even though my play time for the day was only about an hour I was able to hit level 60. Officially the half way point to being 120; <b>WOOHOO!</b> I decided to continue my adventures in Badlands as it now has some really good quest chains that fill in more of the lore in the world. One of the more random quest chains is "The Day Deathwing Came" which are 3 very short quests told by three folks that really are just making shit up. However they are incredibly fun quests to do and are good for a couple laughs.
<br />
The other quest chain that is much more lore involved I have not completed yet and only started. It includes what happened to the very last uncorrupted Black Dragon. It is a rather short post today as it was a fairly quick leveling session with not to much to report... side note at least today I didn't die!
<br />
### Adventures in Gold Making ###
Again this will be a fairly quick little update as I decided not to post any new auctions today and just wait until I am fully finished in the Badlands. On the bright side a good amount of my auctions I posted on Sunday did sell, bringing in a nice 1,153G... not to shabby for a level 60 character. That brings my current total to 5,616G which is enough now to fully fund the rest of my mount training and anything else that is now earned is just sweet sweet extra gold!
<br />
<b>Gold Earned From Auctions:</b> 1,153G <br />
<b>Current Gold Amount:</b> 5,616G